What 1 million dollars?
That's it.
Here's 1 million dollars
Here is a villa
And grandpa's high-end supplements that have been treasured for many years
This villa is in the best location in Beijing
These supplements
It's a genuine product that you can't even buy with money in the market.
This is a snack for our lord and madam
Then aren't you a poor household in Taoyuan County?
Where did you get so much money?
Yes!
I heard that my sister's biological parents were unemployed
Yu said 1 million dollars
It is estimated that 10,000 yuan is difficult
Humph what lord and lady
I think you are Ouyang's poor father
In order to save face, he made his own father pretend to be a driver
You are so unfilial
Euro didn't you just feel like your family
Too poor.
Then find a poor father to act with you
Sister, you don't have to do this.
We won't look down on you.
Our lord and madam
Since you are our sixth lady
For the sake of the adoptive parents
Thank you gift
I didn't expect it.
How dare you treat our Sixth Miss like this?
Not enough yet
Just those of you who came out of the ravine
What good things can you afford?
I see this bag is tattered
What won't be packed inside is
Garbage bar
Forget it, Uncle Liu doesn't need to talk nonsense with them.
They don't deserve gifts from their parents
I think it's junk
I dare not take it out.
You go too far.
Open your dog eyes and see what this is